data **see column_descriptions.md for a description of each column in each file**

    all_data_standardized_mass.csv : scent data per individual plant. Emission rates are in micrograms scent per hour per g floral fresh mass. Emission rates have been adjusted so that all compounds were present in a minimum of 5x the concentration of the compound in the ambient control and vegetative control samples. Emission rates that did not pass this ratio test were entered as zeros.
    
    all_data_standardized_flowers.csv : scent data per individual plant. Emission rates are in micrograms scent per hour per flower. Emission rates have been adjusted so that all compounds were present in a minimum of 5x the concentration of the compound in the ambient control and vegetative control samples. Emission rates that did not pass this ratio test were entered as zeros.
    
    SPME_wide.csv : wide-format raw data for all samples collected using Solid-Phase Micro Extractions (SPME). Not used in these downstream analyses. See appendix 1 for methodological details.
    
    3_6_spmes.csv : counts of the number of total compounds and the number of compounds by compound class for all of the SPME samples collected from three or six whole flowers.
    
    spme_petals_matrix.csv : presence/absence matrix of all compounds in the petal and non-petal SPME samples.
    
    glvs_2019_wide.csv : wide-format data from wounding common garden. See appendix 2 for methodological details.
    
    glvs_2018_2019.csv : long-format data from wounding common garden and the emission rate of the "GLVs" in the original 2018 common garden.
   
analysis_scripts

    Main_analyses_for_scent.R : Contains all main analyses performed in the manuscript. Two multivariate analyses: adonis and capscale. Then, provides code to identify which of the scent compounds are highly correlated with the capscale axes. Tests of variation across species and community types in total scent, the four compound classes, and the nine compounds that show patterns consistent with character displacement. Tests for the compounds that were correlated with the capscale axes but did not show a pattern consistent with character displacement are not included, but could be run using very lightly modified code.
    
    plots.R : Contains all code needed to reproduce Figures 1, 2, and 3 in the main text of the manuscript (visualizing the capscale analysis, and plotting the means +/- SEs for the compound classes and the nine compounds that showed patterns consistent with character displacement.
    
    GLV_script.R : Contains code needed to reproduce results in Appendix 2. Specifically, two-sample t-tests that compare the emission rates of GLVs in the 2019 wounded and control samples, and separate two-sample t-tests that compare these groups to the emission rates of plants in the original 2018 common garden.
    
    SPME_script.R : Contains code needed to analyze the number of compounds in the three vs six whole flower samples, and the presence/absence of compounds in the petal vs. non-petal samples
    
